# Traps
## Level 4 explanation:
In order to find the password for level four, I started by looking for any helpers in the disassembled code that would help me narrow down what my inputs should me. In doing this, I found two helpers: read_four_numbers and strings_not_equal. These two helpers give contradicting information on what the inputs should be, but what I took from this is that my input is likely four numbers that get translated into a string which we are looking to compare to something. After that I set a breakpoint at level_four and inputted four random numbers in order to see what the program does with them. As I was stepping through the code, I noticed that there is a line that moves a <message> into a register (%rsi). I figured this was the string we were comparing our input to, so I printed out the string and discovered it gave the string "bugs".  Given that this is a four letter word, I assumed our four numbers would somehow correlate to these letters. I also saw that the register it is being compared to is %rdi, meaning this is where the string made from the numbers I inputted were stored. After that, the next 4 numbers I tried were the ASCII values for letters but that didn't work. As I examined the code some more, I noticed a loop that happens four times (I assume a for loop of some type). Since it happens four times I figured there is one loop for each of the numbers. After taking a closer look at this loop, I noticed that if a number greater than 3 is inputted then no letter gets added to %rdi, meaning each of my four numbers had to less than or equal to 3. After experimenting with a few more numbers, I noticed anther register (%rdx) which contained 4 letters in the beginning and 4 more are added after each loop. I noticed a pattern that whatever the number inputted is, the letter that gets added is that index starting from the right (backwards to how it normally is). After I noticed this, I could pick out index values that would added the correct letters to %rdi. This led me to the password 3 1 3 2. 